Add a note on shared worker lifetime (#23514)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/api/sharedworker/index.md

const myWorker = new SharedWorker('worker.js');
```

> > **Note:** Once Shared worker is created any script running in the same origin can obtain a reference to that worker and communicate with it. And shared worker will be alive as long as its WorkerGlobalScope's owner set (a set of Document and WorkerGlobalScope objects) is not empty. (e.g., There is any live page holding a reference to it (through new SharedWorker())). To read more about shared worker lifetime see [10.2.3 The worker's lifetime](https://html.spec.whatwg.org/multipage/workers.html#the-worker's-lifetime).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> **Note:** Once a shared worker is created, any script running in the same origin can obtain a reference to that worker and communicate with it. The shared worker will be alive as long as its global scope's owner set (a set of `Document` and `WorkerGlobalScope` objects) is not empty. (e.g., there is any live page holding a reference to it, maybe through `new SharedWorker()`). To read more about shared worker lifetime, see [10.2.3 The worker's lifetime](https://html.spec.whatwg.org/multipage/workers.html#the-worker's-lifetime).
```

> > **Note:** Once a shared worker is created, any script running in the same origin can obtain a reference to that worker and communicate with it. The shared worker will be alive as long as its global scope's owner set (a set of `Document` and `WorkerGlobalScope` objects) is not empty. (e.g., there is any live page holding a reference to it, maybe through `new SharedWorker()`). To read more about shared worker lifetime, see [10.2.3 The worker's lifetime](https://html.spec.whatwg.org/multipage/workers.html#the-worker's-lifetime).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
> **Note:** Once a shared worker is created, any script running in the same origin can obtain a reference to that worker and communicate with it. The shared worker will be alive as long as its global scope's owner set (a set of `Document` and `WorkerGlobalScope` objects) is not empty (for example, if there is any live page holding a reference to it, maybe through `new SharedWorker()`). To read more about shared worker lifetime, see [The worker's lifetime](https://html.spec.whatwg.org/multipage/workers.html#the-worker's-lifetime) section of the HTML specification.
```
